Update Links to Velero Documentation in Astronomer Software Disaster Recovery (#1891)
astronomer/docs: software/disaster-recovery.md

* The Velero CLI
* `kubectl` access to your cluster

> If you do not have Velero or the Velero CLI installed, see [How Velero Works](https://velero.io/docs/v1.10/how-velero-works/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have Velero or the Velero CLI installed, see [How Velero Works](https://velero.io/docs/main/how-velero-works/).
```
I see the note on Velero's website about the latest doc version, but I think we should assume that risk to avoid our docs becoming out of date again in the future. I assume as essential as "How Velero Works" is unlikely to go out of date between minor versions.

Author: @jwitz the issue is that users are missing the note and the link to the latest doc version. The generic link doesn't solve this potential problem. However, as soon as Velero updates their docs, whatever link we provide will result in the same issue. So, it doesn't really matter if we provide a version link, or a generic link.
